<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Act III</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction z3998:drama">
		<section id="act-3" epub:type="chapter z3998:scene">
			<h2>
				<span epub:type="label">Act</span>
				<span epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">III</span>
			</h2>
			<section id="scene-3-1" epub:type="chapter z3998:scene">
				<h3>
					<span epub:type="label">Scene</span>
					<span epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">I</span>
				</h3>
				<p>Milan. The <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke’s</b> palace.</p>
				<table>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td/>
							<td>
								<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Enter <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</b>, <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Thurio</b>, and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</b>.</i>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Sir Thurio, give us leave, I pray, awhile;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>We have some secrets to confer about. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Exit <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Thurio</b>.</i></span>
									<br/>
									<span>Now, tell me, Proteus, what’s your will with me?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>My gracious lord, that which I would discover</span>
									<br/>
									<span>The law of friendship bids me to conceal;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But when I call to mind your gracious favours</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Done to me, undeserving as I am,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>My duty pricks me on to utter that</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Which else no worldly good should draw from me.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Know, worthy prince, Sir Valentine, my friend,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>This night intends to steal away your daughter:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Myself am one made privy to the plot.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I know you have determined to bestow her</span>
									<br/>
									<span>On Thurio, whom your gentle daughter hates;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And should she thus be stol’n away from you,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>It would be much vexation to your age.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Thus, for my duty’s sake, I rather chose</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To cross my friend in his intended drift</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Than, by concealing it, heap on your head</span>
									<br/>
									<span>A pack of sorrows which would press you down,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Being unprevented, to your timeless grave.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Proteus, I thank thee for thine honest care;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Which to requite, command me while I live.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>This love of theirs myself have often seen,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Haply when they have judged me fast asleep,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And oftentimes have purposed to forbid</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Sir Valentine her company and my court:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But fearing lest my jealous aim might err</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And so unworthily disgrace the man,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>A rashness that I ever yet have shunn’d,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I gave him gentle looks, thereby to find</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That which thyself hast now disclosed to me.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And, that thou mayst perceive my fear of this,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Knowing that tender youth is soon suggested,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I nightly lodge her in an upper tower,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>The key whereof myself have ever kept;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And thence she cannot be convey’d away.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Know, noble lord, they have devised a mean</span>
									<br/>
									<span>How he her chamber-window will ascend</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And with a corded ladder fetch her down;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For which the youthful lover now is gone</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And this way comes he with it presently;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Where, if it please you, you may intercept him.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But, good my Lord, do it so cunningly</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That my discovery be not aimed at;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For love of you, not hate unto my friend,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Hath made me publisher of this pretence.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Upon mine honour, he shall never know</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That I had any light from thee of this.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Adieu, my Lord; Sir Valentine is coming. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Exit.</i></td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td/>
							<td>
								<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Enter <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</b>.</i>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>Sir Valentine, whither away so fast?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Please it your grace, there is a messenger</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That stays to bear my letters to my friends,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And I am going to deliver them.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>Be they of much import?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>The tenor of them doth but signify</span>
									<br/>
									<span>My health and happy being at your court.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Nay then, no matter; stay with me awhile;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I am to break with thee of some affairs</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That touch me near, wherein thou must be secret.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>“ ’Tis not unknown to thee that I have sought</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To match my friend Sir Thurio to my daughter.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>I know it well, my Lord; and, sure, the match</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Were rich and honourable; besides, the gentleman</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Is full of virtue, bounty, worth and qualities</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Beseeming such a wife as your fair daughter:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Cannot your Grace win her to fancy him?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>No, trust me; she is peevish, sullen, froward,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Proud, disobedient, stubborn, lacking duty,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Neither regarding that she is my child</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Nor fearing me as if I were her father;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And, may I say to thee, this pride of hers,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Upon advice, hath drawn my love from her;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And, where I thought the remnant of mine age</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Should have been cherish’d by her child-like duty,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I now am full resolved to take a wife</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And turn her out to who will take her in:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Then let her beauty be her wedding-dower;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For me and my possessions she esteems not.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>What would your Grace have me to do in this?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>There is a lady in Verona here</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Whom I affect; but she is nice and coy</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And nought esteems my aged eloquence:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Now therefore would I have thee to my tutor⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For long agone I have forgot to court;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Besides, the fashion of the time is changed⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>How and which way I may bestow myself</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To be regarded in her sun-bright eye.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Win her with gifts, if she respect not words:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Dumb jewels often in their silent kind</span>
									<br/>
									<span>More than quick words do move a woman’s mind.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>But she did scorn a present that I sent her.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>A woman sometimes scorns what best contents her.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Send her another; never give her o’er;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For scorn at first makes after-love the more.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>If she do frown, “ ’tis not in hate of you,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But rather to beget more love in you:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>If she do chide, “ ’tis not to have you gone;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For why, the fools are mad, if left alone.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Take no repulse, whatever she doth say;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For “get you gone,” she doth not mean “away!”</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Flatter and praise, commend, extol their graces;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Though ne’er so black, say they have angels’ faces.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That man that hath a tongue, I say, is no man,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>If with his tongue he cannot win a woman.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>But she I mean is promised by her friends</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Unto a youthful gentleman of worth,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And kept severely from resort of men,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That no man hath access by day to her.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>Why, then, I would resort to her by night.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Ay, but the doors be lock’d and keys kept safe,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That no man hath recourse to her by night.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>What lets but one may enter at her window?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Her chamber is aloft, far from the ground,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And built so shelving that one cannot climb it</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Without apparent hazard of his life.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Why then, a ladder quaintly made of cords,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To cast up, with a pair of anchoring hooks,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Would serve to scale another Hero’s tower,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>So bold Leander would adventure it.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Now, as thou art a gentleman of blood,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Advise me where I may have such a ladder.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>When would you use it? pray, sir, tell me that.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>This very night; for Love is like a child,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That longs for every thing that he can come by.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>By seven o’clock I’ll get you such a ladder.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>But, hark thee; I will go to her alone:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>How shall I best convey the ladder thither?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>It will be light, my lord, that you may bear it</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Under a cloak that is of any length.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>A cloak as long as thine will serve the turn?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>Ay, my good lord.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Then let me see thy cloak:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I’ll get me one of such another length.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>Why, any cloak will serve the turn, my lord.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>How shall I fashion me to wear a cloak?</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I pray thee, let me feel thy cloak upon me.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>What letter is this same? What’s here? “To Silvia”!</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And here an engine fit for my proceeding.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I’ll be so bold to break the seal for once. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Reads.</i></span>
									<br/>
									<span>“My thoughts do harbour with my Silvia nightly,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And slaves they are to me that send them flying:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>O, could their master come and go as lightly,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Himself would lodge where senseless they are lying!</span>
									<br/>
									<span>My herald thoughts in thy pure bosom rest them:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>While I, their king, that hither them importune,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Do curse the grace that with such grace hath bless’d them,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Because myself do want my servants’ fortune:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I curse myself, for they are sent by me,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That they should harbour where their lord would be.”</span>
									<br/>
									<span>What’s here?</span>
									<br/>
									<span>“Silvia, this night I will enfranchise thee.”</span>
									<br/>
									<span>“ ’Tis so; and here’s the ladder for the purpose.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Why, Phaeton⁠—for thou art Merops’ son⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Wilt thou aspire to guide the heavenly car</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And with thy daring folly burn the world?</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Wilt thou reach stars, because they shine on thee?</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Go, base intruder! overweening slave!</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Bestow thy fawning smiles on equal mates,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And think my patience, more than thy desert,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Is privilege for thy departure hence:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Thank me for this more than for all the favours</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Which all too much I have bestow’d on thee.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But if thou linger in my territories</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Longer than swiftest expedition</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Will give thee time to leave our royal court,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>By heaven! my wrath shall far exceed the love</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I ever bore my daughter or thyself.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Be gone! I will not hear thy vain excuse;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But, as thou lovest thy life, make speed from hence. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Exit.</i></span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>And why not death rather than living torment?</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To die is to be banish’d from myself;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And Silvia is myself: banish’d from her</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Is self from self: a deadly banishment!</span>
									<br/>
									<span>What light is light, if Silvia be not seen?</span>
									<br/>
									<span>What joy is joy, if Silvia be not by?</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Unless it be to think that she is by</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And feed upon the shadow of perfection</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Except I be by Silvia in the night,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>There is no music in the nightingale;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Unless I look on Silvia in the day,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>There is no day for me to look upon;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>She is my essence, and I leave to be,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>If I be not by her fair influence</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Foster’d, illumined, cherish’d, kept alive.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I fly not death, to fly his deadly doom:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Tarry I here, I but attend on death:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But, fly I hence, I fly away from life.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td/>
							<td>
								<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Enter <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</b>.</i>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Run, boy, run, run, and seek him out.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Soho, soho!</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>What seest thou?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Him we go to find: there’s not a hair on’s head but “ ’tis a Valentine.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Valentine?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>No.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Who then? his spirit?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>Neither.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>What then?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>Nothing.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Can nothing speak? Master, shall I strike?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Who wouldst thou strike?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Nothing.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Villain, forbear.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Why, sir, I’ll strike nothing: I pray you⁠—</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Sirrah, I say, forbear. Friend Valentine, a word.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>My ears are stopt and cannot hear good news,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>So much of bad already hath possess’d them.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Then in dumb silence will I bury mine,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For they are harsh, untuneable and bad.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>Is Silvia dead?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>No, Valentine.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>No Valentine, indeed, for sacred Silvia.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Hath she forsworn me?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>No, Valentine.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>No Valentine, if Silvia have forsworn me.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>What is your news?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Sir, there is a proclamation that you are vanished.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>That thou art banished⁠—O, that’s the news!⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>From hence, from Silvia and from me thy friend.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>O, I have fed upon this woe already,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And now excess of it will make me surfeit.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Doth Silvia know that I am banished?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Ay, ay; and she hath offer’d to the doom⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Which, unreversed, stands in effectual force⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>A sea of melting pearl, which some call tears:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Those at her father’s churlish feet she tender’d;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>With them, upon her knees, her humble self;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Wringing her hands, whose whiteness so became them</span>
									<br/>
									<span>As if but now they waxed pale for woe:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But neither bended knees, pure hands held up,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Sad sighs, deep groans, nor silver-shedding tears,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Could penetrate her uncompassionate sire;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But Valentine, if he be ta’en, must die.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Besides, her intercession chafed him so,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>When she for thy repeal was suppliant,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That to close prison he commanded her,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>With many bitter threats of biding there.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>No more; unless the next word that thou speak’st</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Have some malignant power upon my life:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>If so, I pray thee, breathe it in mine ear,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>As ending anthem of my endless dolour.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Cease to lament for that thou canst not help,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And study help for that which thou lament’st.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Time is the nurse and breeder of all good.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Here if thou stay, thou canst not see thy love;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Besides, thy staying will abridge thy life.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Hope is a lover’s staff; walk hence with that</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And manage it against despairing thoughts.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Thy letters may be here, though thou art hence;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Which, being writ to me, shall be deliver’d</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Even in the milk-white bosom of thy love.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>The time now serves not to expostulate:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Come, I’ll convey thee through the city-gate;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And, ere I part with thee, confer at large</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Of all that may concern thy love-affairs.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>As thou lovest Silvia, though not for thyself,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Regard thy danger, and along with me!</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>I pray thee, Launce, an if thou seest my boy,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Bid him make haste and meet me at the North-gate.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Go, sirrah, find him out. Come, Valentine.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</td>
							<td>O my dear Silvia! Hapless Valentine! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Exeunt <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Valentine</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</b>.</i></td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>I am but a fool, look you; and yet I have the wit to think my master is a kind of a knave: but that’s all one, if he be but one knave. He lives not now that knows me to be in love; yet I am in love; but a team of horse shall not pluck that from me; nor who “ ’tis I love; and yet “ ’tis a woman; but what woman, I will not tell myself; and yet “ ’tis a milkmaid; yet “ ’tis not a maid, for she hath had gossips; yet “ ’tis a maid, for she is her master’s maid, and serves for wages. She hath more qualities than a water-spaniel; which is much in a bare Christian. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Pulling out a paper.</i> Here is the cate-log of her condition. “Imprimis: She can fetch and carry.” Why, a horse can do no more: nay, a horse cannot fetch, but only carry; therefore is she better than a jade. “Item: She can milk;” look you, a sweet virtue in a maid with clean hands.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td/>
							<td>
								<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Enter <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</b>.</i>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>How now, Signior Launce! what news with your mastership?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>With my master’s ship? why, it is at sea.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>Well, your old vice still; mistake the word. What news, then, in your paper?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>The blackest news that ever thou heardest.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>Why, man, how black?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Why, as black as ink.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>Let me read them.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Fie on thee, jolt-head! thou canst not read.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>Thou liest; I can.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>I will try thee. Tell me this: who begot thee?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>Marry, the son of my grandfather.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>O illiterate loiterer! it was the son of thy grandmother: this proves that thou canst not read.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>Come, fool, come; try me in thy paper.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>There; and <abbr>St.</abbr> Nicholas be thy speed!</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td><i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Reads.</i> “Imprimis: She can milk.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Ay, that she can.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She brews good ale.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>And thereof comes the proverb: “Blessing of your heart, you brew good ale.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She can sew.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>That’s as much as to say, Can she so?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She can knit.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>What need a man care for a stock with a wench, when she can knit him a stock?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She can wash and scour.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>A special virtue: for then she need not be washed and scoured.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She can spin.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Then may I set the world on wheels, when she can spin for her living.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She hath many nameless virtues.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>That’s as much as to say, bastard virtues; that, indeed, know not their fathers and therefore have no names.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Here follow her vices.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Close at the heels of her virtues.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She is not to be kissed fasting in respect of her breath.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Well, that fault may be mended with a breakfast. Read on.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She hath a sweet mouth.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>That makes amends for her sour breath.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She doth talk in her sleep.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>It’s no matter for that, so she sleep not in her talk.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She is slow in words.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>O villain, that set this down among her vices! To be slow in words is a woman’s only virtue: I pray thee, out with’t, and place it for her chief virtue.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She is proud.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Out with that too; it was Eve’s legacy, and cannot be ta’en from her.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She hath no teeth.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>I care not for that neither, because I love crusts.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She is curst.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Well, the best is, she hath no teeth to bite.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She will often praise her liquor.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>If her liquor be good, she shall: if she will not, I will; for good things should be praised.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She is too liberal.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Of her tongue she cannot, for that’s writ down she is slow of; of her purse she shall not, for that I’ll keep shut: now, of another thing she may, and that cannot I help. Well, proceed.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She hath more hair than wit, and more faults than hairs, and more wealth than faults.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Stop there; I’ll have her: she was mine, and not mine, twice or thrice in that last article. Rehearse that once more.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“Item: She hath more hair than wit,”⁠—</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>More hair than wit? It may be; I’ll prove it. The cover of the salt hides the salt, and therefore it is more than the salt; the hair that covers the wit is more than the wit, for the greater hides the less. What’s next?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“And more faults than hairs,”⁠—</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>That’s monstrous: O, that that were out!</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>“And more wealth than faults.”</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Why, that word makes the faults gracious. Well, I’ll have her; and if it be a match, as nothing is impossible⁠—</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>What then?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Why, then will I tell thee⁠—that thy master stays for thee at the North-gate.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>For me?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>For thee! ay, who art thou? he hath stayed for a better man than thee.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>And must I go to him?</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Thou must run to him, for thou hast stayed so long that going will scarce serve the turn.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Speed</td>
							<td>Why didst not tell me sooner? pox of your love letters! <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Exit.</i></td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Launce</td>
							<td>Now will he be swinged for reading my letter; an unmannerly slave, that will thrust himself into secrets! I’ll after, to rejoice in the boy’s correction. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Exit.</i></td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
			<section id="scene-3-2" epub:type="chapter z3998:scene">
				<h3>
					<span epub:type="label">Scene</span>
					<span epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">II</span>
				</h3>
				<p>The same. The <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke’s</b> palace.</p>
				<table>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td/>
							<td>
								<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Enter <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</b> and <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Thurio</b>.</i>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Sir Thurio, fear not but that she will love you,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Now Valentine is banish’d from her sight.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Thurio</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Since his exile she hath despised me most,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Forsworn my company and rail’d at me,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That I am desperate of obtaining her.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>This weak impress of love is as a figure</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Trenched in ice, which with an hour’s heat</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Dissolves to water and doth lose his form.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>A little time will melt her frozen thoughts</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And worthless Valentine shall be forgot.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td/>
							<td>
								<i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Enter <b epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</b>.</i>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td/>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>How now, Sir Proteus! Is your countryman</span>
									<br/>
									<span>According to our proclamation gone?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>Gone, my good lord.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>My daughter takes his going grievously.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>A little time, my lord, will kill that grief.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>So I believe; but Thurio thinks not so.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Proteus, the good conceit I hold of thee⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For thou hast shown some sign of good desert⁠—</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Makes me the better to confer with thee.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Longer than I prove loyal to your grace</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Let me not live to look upon your grace.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Thou know’st how willingly I would effect</span>
									<br/>
									<span>The match between Sir Thurio and my daughter.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>I do, my lord.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>And also, I think, thou art not ignorant</span>
									<br/>
									<span>How she opposes her against my will</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td>She did, my lord, when Valentine was here.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Ay, and perversely she persevers so.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>What might we do to make the girl forget</span>
									<br/>
									<span>The love of Valentine and love Sir Thurio?</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>The best way is to slander Valentine</span>
									<br/>
									<span>With falsehood, cowardice and poor descent,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Three things that women highly hold in hate.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>Ay, but she’ll think that it is spoke in hate.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Ay, if his enemy deliver it:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Therefore it must with circumstance be spoken</span>
									<br/>
									<span>By one whom she esteemeth as his friend.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>Then you must undertake to slander him.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>And that, my lord, I shall be loath to do:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>“ ’Tis an ill office for a gentleman,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Especially against his very friend.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Where your good word cannot advantage him,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Your slander never can endamage him;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Therefore the office is indifferent,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Being entreated to it by your friend.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>You have prevail’d, my lord; if I can do it</span>
									<br/>
									<span>By ought that I can speak in his dispraise,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>She shall not long continue love to him.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But say this weed her love from Valentine,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>It follows not that she will love Sir Thurio.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Thurio</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Therefore, as you unwind her love from him,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Lest it should ravel and be good to none,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>You must provide to bottom it on me;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Which must be done by praising me as much</span>
									<br/>
									<span>As you in worth dispraise Sir Valentine.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>And, Proteus, we dare trust you in this kind,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Because we know, on Valentine’s report,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>You are already Love’s firm votary</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And cannot soon revolt and change your mind.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Upon this warrant shall you have access</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Where you with Silvia may confer at large;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For she is lumpish, heavy, melancholy,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And, for your friend’s sake, will be glad of you;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Where you may temper her by your persuasion</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To hate young Valentine and love my friend.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>As much as I can do, I will effect:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>But you, Sir Thurio, are not sharp enough;</span>
									<br/>
									<span>You must lay lime to tangle her desires</span>
									<br/>
									<span>By wailful sonnets, whose composed rhymes</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Should be full-fraught with serviceable vows.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Ay,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Much is the force of heaven-bred poesy.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>Say that upon the altar of her beauty</span>
									<br/>
									<span>You sacrifice your tears, your sighs, your heart:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Write till your ink be dry, and with your tears</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Moist it again, and frame some feeling line</span>
									<br/>
									<span>That may discover such integrity:</span>
									<br/>
									<span>For Orpheus’ lute was strung with poets’ sinews,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Whose golden touch could soften steel and stones,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Make tigers tame and huge leviathans</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Forsake unsounded deeps to dance on sands.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>After your dire-lamenting elegies,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Visit by night your lady’s chamber-window</span>
									<br/>
									<span>With some sweet concert; to their instruments</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Tune a deploring dump: the night’s dead silence</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Will well become such sweet-complaining grievance.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>This, or else nothing, will inherit her.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>This discipline shows thou hast been in love.</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Thurio</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>And thy advice this night I’ll put in practise.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Therefore, sweet Proteus, my direction-giver,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>Let us into the city presently</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To sort some gentlemen well skill’d in music.</span>
									<br/>
									<span>I have a sonnet that will serve the turn</span>
									<br/>
									<span>To give the onset to thy good advice.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>About it, gentlemen!</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Proteus</td>
							<td epub:type="z3998:verse">
								<p>
									<span>We’ll wait upon your grace till after supper,</span>
									<br/>
									<span>And afterward determine our proceedings.</span>
								</p>
							</td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td epub:type="z3998:persona">Duke</td>
							<td>Even now about it! I will pardon you. <i epub:type="z3998:stage-direction">Exeunt.</i></td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>
				</table>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
